whats up guys its globe here and today
I'm going to be giving you guys a
gameplay commentary and I haven't done
this in about a week or so and I
probably will be start to do just a
little bit more not as much but you guys
on my last commentary actually did give
me lots of likes and you write lots of
comments saying that my commentary was
good so today I'm going to be giving you
guys another commentary about the next
cod the next ecology or the next cod and
what I actually want from it but if you
do want more commentaries like this be
sure to hit the like button down below
and also subscribe for some more cod
ghosts gameplay but to start off with
with what i want for next year's college
udas actually wants something maybe a
lot different let's say something like
black ops 2 but even better when I mean
by that I actually mean black ops 2 maps
so really small close quarters maps with
good spawns because if you guys know in
cod guys and pretty much all of you
probably do that or watching this video
yes cod ghosts does have really large
maps and it is real and really annoying
and I would actually like to see if they
could actually make the maps more
smaller but not as huge as they are in
cod ghosts may be at least a medium
sized like as big as it could go maybe
around Freight size definitely not
Stonehaven size because that's just
absolutely too big and I couldn't find
anyone on that map so let's just take
that out of the equation and the second
thing I would like and I've actually
been thinking about this forever in cod
or cod ghosts or pretty much old codes
in general they give us around maybe six
or ten or twenty maps and they make us
pay for the rest I want them to give us
like 30 or 40 maps if they gave us 30 or
40 maps I reckon that the next cod would
be amazing and more people would like to
play it and watch more videos on it but
it might take the designers or artists a
long time to actually make the maps but
if you think about it if you had 30 or
40 maps and you get to have but you have
to get used to like the lines of sight
and everything but after while you get
used to it and it won't get as boring as
having 10 or 11 maps cousin ghost I'm
getting
pretty bored of the maps unlike black
ops 2 I don't know it had this feeling
maybe if the maps were smaller and guys
I might have enjoyed it a bit more but
in black ops 2 i've really believe that
the maps were more repetitive so you
could play it for more and longer hours
unlike ghosts but there's a few maps and
ghosts which I like to play a bit more
like strike zone and freight some people
don't like strike zone but personally I
do and another thing is if they could
give us a lot of more weapon so more
assault rifles more submachine guns and
that but what I don't like is I don't
like them actually repeating the same a
soul rifle every year in the same
submachine gun because it is really
annoying when they pretty much just copy
a gun and paste it even though that is
pretty much every college you don't want
to see them try something out of the box
just a little bit different and also
another thing is internet or
connectivity oh I would like it if they
actually don't have lag or anything that
would be much better and also another
thing I'd like in the next cod is league
played like there was in black ops 2
even though there is kind of one in
ghosts witches clan v clan or it is a
different variant from it I don't like
it one bit to be honest I reckon I like
the black ops 2 1 was absolutely amazing
where you kind of get partnered up with
other people in your skill level and
from there you do unlock different
badges for master division stuff I
thought that was really awesome in black
ops 2 I played that for hours with all
my friends that was really fun so you
can get into the competitive scene and
all that but if they do something like
league play and they bring that all back
that would be awesome but the next cod
is definitely going to be modern warfare
4 but I don't really want them to repeat
the same things what they did from
modern warfare 3 and from cod goes
because they better make something a bit
different and also i'm not sure if you
guys want this a story mode or not some
people like the story some people don't
personally i play maybe one or two
missions and then I then I just get
straight into multiplayer I usually like
to complete the campaign within all the
call of duty's but after a while I just
get bored and I just start playing
multiplayer but if you could do I want
to know down below if you guys think
they should focus it all on multiplayer
or do you think they should focus on
both because personally if they just
stay off the story mode and they stick
with multiplayer I reckon they could
probably bring us the best more
you play experience they can instead of
wasting their money and all that on
single player if they actually spend
most of their budget on modulo actually
all of their budget or multiplayer I
believe they could make some really
explosive awesome next gen call of duty
which brings me to another thing I know
a lot of people have been saying this
but they actually said that they don't
want the next gen to have better
graphics and all that personally I don't
have anything wrong with it I think the
next gen should have better graphics but
what would be really cool if the next
chord could do this is if you could play
with Xbox one people if you're on an
xbox 360 or ps3 the ps4 people even
though that's kind of got something to
do for the consoles with the ps3 the ps4
and it's got nothing to have infinity
water or anything but if they could do
that that would be pretty cool to have
the service mixed up with something like
that that would be awesome if you
thought about it and another thing is
weapon DLC now weapon DLC I don't think
they should make us pay for it because
we already paid for the game and they're
making us pay for more stuff but in a
way they do spend more money actually
getting artists to full-on create the
gun and all of that but personally I
think they should give out free gun dlc
for like a week or something so you have
to get it within that week or you don't
get it all personally I'd like that a
bit more better instead of paying for
the DLC and I reckon that should be the
same thing that the cameras as well to
be honest in ghosts they come as a
horrible I mean they're all right but
they're still horrible like black ops 2
had some really nice cameras and also
the ones that recently came out which
was like the weaponized 115 camera and
all that if they somehow incorporate
giving more or less more free stuff
within the next Call of Duty I mean they
can still give you season passes and
they'll make us still pay for weapon DLC
but if they give us some free stuff now
and then it would be pretty cool to give
back to us because we already paid like
ninety dollars a hundred dollars on the
game but I thought that'd be really cool
if the next cod can incorporate some of
this stuff saying less maps more guns
and pretty much if they less up on story
mode I'm not saying they shouldn't do
story mode but if they could focus their
time on Morty play even though they do
have different groups and divisions
doing that I reckon they should probably
do that but Tommy down below if you
think they should focus on multiplayer
more or story more but if they focus on
what you claim or they will give us a
better call of duty experience but every
guy
have enjoyed this gameplay commentary I
wanted to give you guys a short gameplay
commentary and what I feel or what I
want in the next call of duty in my
brief description and my opinion as well
be a reminder that this is my opinion
it's not yours its mine but anyways
nonetheless I hope you guys have enjoyed
if you have be sure to hit the like
button down below and also subscribe and
I'll see you guys later loeb out
you